hi guys um so I just finished my new set
and I just wanted to come to like a
really quick video and show you guys my
set so here they are and the purple mix
you see is princess Lulu's um purple
madness and then this black color is
just a gunmetal glitter and I did try
the coffin nail shape that's what I've
heard it called so you can see from the
back just like a more almost like
getting narrower like a stiletto nail
but with a squirt top and here's the
thumbs I always do my thumb's really
short just to use on my phone and stuff
because i have get really annoyed but um
book anyway here they are i'm really in
love with them and i use rhinestones and
then i used the top coat that i did in
the hall which is this the axiom gel
system by OPI by the no cleanse one so i
use that topcoat and i make it made them
like super glossy like really shiny and
I don't have my standing so I have my
phone water bottle so it's kind of close
but yeah this is what they look like I'm
in love with them I'm in love with the
shape just really like the way they came
out
there's really like super glossy they
come not really nice so yeah I hope you
guys like them and i'll put my instagram
down below so you can follow me if you
want but i use organic meals products
just putting that out there or if
anybody's wondering what acrylic and
stuff i use but yeah there they are and
i did like a cross i painted across with
a silver or silver striper and then put
the glue on with resin organic nails
resin so thanks for watching guys and
I'll see in my next video bye guys